how's it going. 5 people on this date,
All in the Queen’s congratulations,
Even good deeds are sent in by others.
In front of my permission to meet new people and high-level affairs,
Let me mobilize enough troops.
I must kill Jiancheng Yangzi this time with my own hands.
Asked what was going on over there.
Wangcheng, beautiful movement,
But it was 5 people who brought Jingcheng,
Those thirty thousand loyal disciples,
There are twenty thousand,
A few days ago, he disappeared.
I really know that 20,000 people are not aggrieved
Let’s not cut the killing wind yet.
As long as the dream comes true, I don’t understand
It's almost time
It's time to see what the emperor thinks
I'm just stalling for time
Now you even told me about the car
I am your victim
Of course I have to tell you
He was trained well by Ben Shuai
time has come
Does he agree or disagree today?
Those who hurt the country must change the government and betray me.
Yesu can't keep him either